This is David Nevermind
And today's controversy is coming from yet another member 
or should I say members of the hip-hop community.
Petey Pablo - a new artist signed under
Jive has teamed up with Timbaland, outta V.A. 
In a quest to redeem his title And
bring, North Carolina, and Virginia, to the front of the line.
We're gonna stand by

[Chorus] 

This one's for North Carolina! C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo' head
Spin it like a helicopter. South Carolina!C'mon and raise up
This one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who?
Us, us, us; yes sir!
Hot Atlanta.C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist
it round yo' head 
Spin it like a helicopter.State of Virginia, 
C'mon and raise up
This one's for you. uh-uh, this ones for who?
Us,  us, us;yes sir!

[Petey Pablo]
Who am I? Petey Pab motherfucker!
First to put it down for North Carolina
But guess what (what?), it's been worth it
I'ma superstar, bought me a big ol' car
Four point six (seen it cuz)
Black fifty-four from the front to back and got a button in the middle, 
make the trunk go eh-eh
But it ain't 'bout that
It's about gettin whatchu gettin and dribble on back here
Big fellas (sick fellas)
Half of me and Carolina niggaz, I'm tired of y'all
Polk, Bladen, Marshall, Hoke, Greene County, Timbaland, damn
Transfer, Santa ria Browns over here (greens over here)
Pasqoutank, down on the, Odom East (lemme think)
Johnson County, Franklin, Burgaw, Newport, Warren, Shelby, Kenansville
(Mt. Canata) Tarboro, Triangle, Goldsboro, Halifax, Statesville
And all my niggaz doin life behind the wall
This right here, right here, right here's for
[Chorus 2]

This one's for New York city! C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo' head
Spin it like a helicopter
Jersey to Phillie! C'mon and raise up
This one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who?
Us, us, us; yes sir!
D.C to maryland! C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo' head
Spin it like a helicopter
Houston to Dallas!C'mon and raise up
This one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who?
Us, us, us; yes sir!
      
[Petey Pablo]
(Uhh, uh-huh, uh-huh, beat it, beat it)
You remember them days y'all, we used to play y'all
The radio and put our own lil part in the song y'all
We used to (Rep our city, rep our city!)
Runnin through the school halls
just before our basketball pep-rally jumped yall(hah!)
My house, my home, my hood (hah!)
My brother, my sister, my cuz(hah!)
My niggaz that was there from the 'ginin been wit me 
'fore he even knew what bein with me was
Y'all niggaz just glanced at it, now I gotcha starin at it
Wouldn't been the same ol' North Carolina's pimpin
Y'all niggaz just gettin it, oh it's a shame isn't it?
Oh you thought we said we were comin wit a whole lotta songs
we were bullsitin 

[chorus3]
This one's for New Orleans!C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo' head
Spin it like a helicopter
St.Louie! C'mon and raise up
This one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who?
Us, us, us; yes sir
MIA!C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo' head
Spin it like a helicopter
on the way to L.A! C'mon and raise up
This one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who?
Us, us, us; yes sir

[Petey Pablo]
Man I had to do it
just incase you were one of the ones 
who wanted to come and ask somethin stupid
(What you think you doin?) What it look like?
Puttin it down for my niggaz in the south side
North Carolina, South Carolina
And all my little bitty open little cape towns
We gonna hit y'all asses, ain't nothin but a T.D. blast
so whacha got comin atcha
(beat) slammin, (first) classic
(Go for this) What's after platinum?
(Baby you don't want the bomb) And I don't meant to scare ya
but I'm about to bring it home

Blow these fellas, these hills, these things and N.C. out the water
How's it feel to lose to motherfucker that be real
Now tell 'em - "I told ya!"

[Chorus4]

This one's for Chi-Town playas!C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo' head
Spin it like a helicopter
(c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon)
Las Vegas! C'mon and raise up
This one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who?
Us, us, us; yes sir!
The bay area! C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo' head
Spin it like a helicopter
The whole world baby! C'mon and raise up
This one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who?
Us, us, us; yes sir!

[David Nevermind]
Uhh, af-after seeing this
I, I have no other questions, I, I mean I
Hey look, this is David Nevermind
I'm signing off, but before I'm outta here
Remember, if I ever talked anything about the Polk guys, nevermind
North Carolina and V.A. are definitely at the front of the line
You have my vote of support, over and out

[music until fade]