[Jay-Z:]
After the show it's the afterparty, then,
After the party it's the hotel lobby, then
After the Belve then it's probably Cris,
And after the original it's probably this
Yes ma, Bed-Stuy, Fiesta,
Remix with the homie from the Midwest-Side (Chi Boy!)
Game recognize game, hoes do too,
It's the new 2 Live Crew, I suppose you knew, So thugs, 
Pop yo' toasters, but don't approach us, or
Bullets'll chase you like, Moet mimosas,
Catch us both coasts', racin' twin Porsches,
Boxsters with Glocks that'll pop you to make you ghosts',
Whoever come closest, you've been warned, 
But niggaz don't get the picture till the weapons is drawn,
Make your way backstage, baby girl it's on,

[Jay-Z & R. Kelly:]
And we'll be drinkin' till 6 in tha mornin...

[R. Kelly:]
In the back of the club with mama,
Poppin' bottles of Cris with mama,
Put the bar on the tab for mama,
Throwin hundreds up for grabs for mama,
Cuz it's about to go down tonight,
I'ma be drinkin till the early lizzight,
Nigga high like a Mu'fuckin kizzite,
Take three honeys just to make me feel rizzight,
My, my, my, my,
Is what they all say when they see the frozen ice,
They say: My, my, my, my,
Everytime they see them big thangs on the rizzide,
While ya'll got a club date, I'm fuckin with arenas,
Got your man sayin, "Tell me have you seen her?"
Yeah, she with me on the low, gettin high offa 'dro, got her knees on the floor, Fiesta.

Fiesta, Fiesta
[Repeat 7x's]

Switchin lanes in my 6 in the burbs,
I met a broad named Tasha from the burbs,
Took the hood then I moved into the burbs,
Now no mo' sherrifs or police is in the burbs,
Now we about to tear this club up,
Don't worry about expenses cuz I got that, Sho nuff,
Ready to Foo! like I'm fresh outta jizzail,
I need some Boo! from all the honeys on the DL,
I said: My, my, my, my,
That's what them thugs yellin when the strippers on the flizzoor,
They say: My, my, my, my,
Got Keisha yellin from that up and down strizzoke,
While ya'll got a club date, I'm fuckin with arenas,
Got your man sayin, "Tell me have you seen her?"
Yeah, she with me on the low, gettin high offa 'dro, got her knees on tha floor, Fiesta.

[Gotti:]
I put this big body up, come through in a Rover,
Not only Kelly and Gotti, it's Boo and Hova,
Pop Cris if you like, my ice glist in the light,
I'm with Roclain right, so I'm rich for life,
I'm like Heaven, everybody want to get to me, 
How you make it to the gates and forget the key,
I'm the one God chose, so you blessed with me,
Gotti flow'll get you higher than that Ecstasy, (Ya heard?)

[Boo:]
Hey yo I come through stunnin, plus I'm gettin blunted,
In the new 600, with the big rims on it,
We rock rocks that'll light your shoulders,
Got a lotta hot cars, but the drops is colder,
You see VIP, me Kelly, Gotti, and Hov, 
Drinkin Cris like it's H20,
All we do is spend cheese cuz we love the dough,
Mami roll more trees 'fore its time to go, (Come on)

[R. Kelly:]
If you got cash money then you feel this shit,
And if you rollin on them thangs then you feel this shit,
If you drunk off in the club then you feel this shit,
If you's a muthafuckin thug then you feel this shit,
If you smokin on some 'dro then you feel this shit,
And if you off that Ecstasy you got to feel this shit,
If you sippin on some Cris you gots to feel this shit,
And if you're throwin up your shit you gots to feel this shit, Fiesta.

Fiesta, Fiesta...
[Repeat to fade..]